all right
you may not want to admit it but you
love fast food from Big Macs to
frappuccinos your taste buds crave it
all but even if you frequented fast-food
joint your whole life there's a good
chance you've been doing it wrong did
you know that something as simple as
getting a receipt for your meal can make
or break your dining experience learn
about this and more in this must-see
fast food hack video don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click Subscribe stay on
the Brightside
freshly made burgers is there really
anything better than a delicious juicy
burger if you share this sentiment
you'll love this burger king hack
instead of ordering a burger straight
off the menu
ask them to customize it this way though
use a patty fresh off the grill instead
of one that's been set aside in the
warming drawer for hours you can even go
as far as to say can I have a burger off
the broiler you may have to wait a few
more minutes for it but it'll totally be
worth it
carryout hack for the healthier
fast-food ease out their subway is an
obvious go-to for fresh sandwiches but
most of you are probably making a major
mistake when you get your meal to go
every sandwich comes in an easy to hold
sandwich bag when held upright the bag
puts the sandwich at a vertical angle
but why would they do this holding your
sandwich this way forces all the sauce
to fall to one end of the bread which
means soggy city kick to avoid this
after you put the sandwich in the bag
tie the open end of the bag in a knot
then rip a little hole in the side of
the bag so you can hold it like a handle
now you can carry your sandwich home
horizontally for a perfect even sauce
distribution a ho delish
save on Big Macs a McDonald's Big Mac
Curley cost 399 before tax but what if
you could get the same burger for a
dollar and change
heck yeah save a little bit of cash by
ordering a McDouble and ask them to hold
the ketchup and mustard ask if they'll
add some lettuce and a little Big Mac
sauce 1 ah you've got a delicious Big
Mac waitin for ya vegetarian options you
may not be crazy about me but that
doesn't mean you can't indulge in some
fast food once in a while did you know
that you can order a grilled cheese at
McDonald's it's not on the menu but most
employees will know exactly what you're
talking about it consists of two yummy
buns turn inside out with hot melted
cheese in the middle amazing another
great option for all the non meat eaters
out there at Taco Bell
you can order pretty much anything with
beans as a sub for meat you can finally
enjoy delicious hard taco Supremes with
beans instead of ground beef yep it's
life changing become a master ketchup
dipper peanut butter and jelly
macaroni and cheese ketchup and fries
pairings that belong together so it's no
surprise that if you order a basket of
fries there's a pile of ketchup waiting
nearby but did you know that the cartons
at most fast-food joints can't hold
ketchup for dipping simply fold back one
side of the carton so it's flat you can
squirt some ketchup on there forever so
convenient dip äj--
and in case you haven't gotten the memo
yet those little white ketchup cups you
find at the in-and-out
fan out flat and serve as a little
ketchup plate
you're welcome customize to your heart's
content at Jamba Juice here's a pretty
juicy secret Jamba Juice employees have
to abide by your ingredient
substitutions so if you want to use
blueberry instead of banana
strawberry instead of peach or spinach
instead of tomato wait wrong restaurant
you can with so many substitution
options you're delicious blended juice
concoctions are endless
but don't be surprised if the employee
behind the counter gets a little annoyed
by your requests secret menu items do
exist and they're awesome the rumors are
true
no the unicorn Frappuccino at Starbucks
won't give you magic powers but secret
menus exist at many different fast-food
restaurants while there are many
different things you can order at your
favorite spots here are three that are
definitely worth trying if you haven't
already number one the Starbucks butter
beer Frappuccino grab your wands and
Quidditch gear it's time for a
butterbeer treat ok it's not actually
butter beer it's three pumps of coffee
nut syrup and three pumps of caramel in
a Frappuccino you should try it at least
once it tastes absolutely magical number
two a Burger King veggie whopper yes
Burger King does have veggie patties a
veggie whopper it's just like the
regular one but with you guessed it a
veggie patty number three the Wendy's
barnyard burger meat lovers get ready
this Wendy's burger is about to blow
your mind this barnyard burger tops a
beef patty with bacon and fried chicken
order some fries with it if you have
some room for them surf and turf on a
budget in the mood for surf and turf how
classy of you if you're on a budget you
can indulge in the McDonald's version of
this popular pairing with their mix
burger supreme filet-o-fish sandwich
combo jam packed with protein this meal
is sure to keep you nice and full for a
while McDonald's beverage upgrade
move over Starbucks the McDonald's mocha
is the caffeine king now this sweet
mcdonald's beverage is pretty fantastic
as is but
if you want to step its flavor up a
notch ask to sub out the chocolate syrup
for fudge yep the same kind they use on
their sundaes it gives it a super rich
chocolatey flavor you'll never go back
to syrup
putain at KFC a if you love Canadian
fare
you'll love this hack when you order
fries at KFC you can have them turned in
a Canadian style poutine complete with
gravy and shredded cheese some select
KFC locations even have cheese curds for
those of you who want to go totally
authentic that KFC poutine sounds pretty
good a hot steaming buns old stale buns
are terrible they can ruin a perfectly
good sandwich if you've ever tasted a
truly fresh bun from Mickey D's you know
why this hack is so important to ensure
a fresh bun on your sandwich every time
ask for it to be steamed so easy right
fresh fries hack have you been ordering
food at the fast food counter and seen
that there are baskets of fries
sitting out waiting to be served how
long have they been sitting there under
the warmer if you'd rather have a fresh
batch of fries order some without salt
since they've already salted the ones
sitting there they're forced to make a
fresh batch for you and you can always
add salt yourself afterwards such a
simple hack for delicious hot fresh
fries simple splash guard storage love
those green splash guard sticks you get
at Starbucks
who doesn't well they're helpful at
keeping your hot drink from splashing
all over your car and route to work when
you take a sip there's nowhere to put
the wet stick simply stick it in the
sleeve of your coffee till you're ready
to use it again now why didn't I think
of that don't forget to snag a receipt
here's one final but incredibly helpful
tip always ask for a receipt when you
order a meal at McDonald's yes you'll
probably throw the little piece of paper
away but it's actually more powerful
than you think
according to a McDonald's employee named
Edna many employees at the restaurant
are trained to look out for mystery
diners or gap Busters their job is to
visit restaurants and rate their
experience these mystery shoppers tend
to drop in on dining establishments
between 12:00 and 2:00 p.m. and 5:00 and
7:00 p.m. they'll rate the food
environment and service ok great but
what on earth does this have to do with
getting a receipt well mystery diners
are reimbursed for whatever they order
so they need to provide their employer
with a receipt if someone requests a
receipt it's a red flag to the employees
behind the counter that the customer
could be a mystery shopper because of
this they'll go above and beyond to give
them fresh delicious food in excellent
service while McDonald's hasn't
officially confirmed
Adnan's claim about receipts direct
correlation with a perfect dining
experience it does make a lot of sense
so is it just me or are you suddenly
very hungry after watching all this
so what fast food hacks did we fail to
mention in the video tell us all about
it in the comments below and don't
forget to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click Subscribe
stay on the bright side
[Music]
you